Dbt engine compat for dbt fusion (#56)
fivetran/dbt_salesforce_source: CHANGELOG.md

# dbt_salesforce_source v1.1.1

## Under the Hood
- Prepends `materialized` configs in the package's `dbt_project.yml` file with `+` to improve compatibility with the newer versions of dbt-core starting with v1.10.0. ([PR #55](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_salesforce_source/pull/55))
- Updates the package maintainer pull request template. ([PR #56](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_salesforce_source/pull/56))

## Documentation

> - Corrected references to connectors and connections in the README. ([#54](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_salesforce_source/pull/54))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Corrected references to connectors and connections in the README. ([PR #54](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_salesforce_source/pull/54))
```

> - Minor README updates.
> - Updated macro comments to provide clearer and more detailed explanations of the workflow.

Reviewer: Oops that was me. I would remove the README comment and just keep the macro comment. I added the PR #53 link.
```suggestion
- Updated macro comments to provide clearer and more detailed explanations of the workflow.  ([PR #53](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_salesforce_source/pull/53))
```
